The duty of the people, the honor of the people
The history of the people, the black gold
The destruction of the people, the destruction of the people
The blood is burning, the flesh is burning
The way of life, the way of life
The destruction of the people, the destruction of the people
The victory is mine, the people are mine
We, we, we are the people of the people
The duty of the people, the honor of the people
The black gold
The destruction of the people, the blood is burning
The way of life, the way of life
The destruction of the people, the destruction of the people
The blood is burning, the flesh is burning
The victory is mine, the people are mine
We, we, we are the people of the people
Translated by Releska